Mahemahespogas.md, before:

# Mahemahespogas

**Mahemahespogas** (/maʃɛmaʃɛspoŋas/) is the language spoken by the upper class of the **Atskenap**. The language name literally means "The language I'm speaking now" and is usually abbreviated to "mahegas".  The language is a "corruption" of the language spoken by Northern commoners, created by the upper class during the **Northern scientific reform** to disguise their speech, which would contain scientific secrets, from the commoners.

## Phonology

### Consonants

|                 | Labial | Alveolar    | Velar   |
| --------------- | ------ | ----------- | ------- |
| **Plosive**     | p      | t           | k       |
| **Nasal**       | m      | n           | ŋ \<g\> |
| **Fricative**   |        | s z ʃ \<h\> |         |
| **Approximant** |        | l           |         |

### Vowels

|           | Front   | Back  |
| --------- | ------- | ----- |
| **Close** | i       |       |
| **Mid**   | ɛ \<e\> | o     |
| **Open**  | a       | ɑ <ä> |

#### Diphthongs

|       | ɑ        | ɛ        | i        |
| ----- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **i** | ɑi \<ā\> | εi \<ē\> | -        |
| **o** | -        | -        | io \<ō\> |

Commit message:

Added basic info on mahegas couting system

Mahemahespogas.md, after:

# Mahemahespogas

**Mahemahespogas** (/maʃɛmaʃɛspoŋas/) is the language spoken by the upper class of the **Atskenap**. The language name literally means "The language I'm speaking now" and is usually abbreviated to "mahegas".  Mahemahespogas is a "corruption" of the language spoken by Northern commoners, created by the upper class during the **Northern scientific reform** to disguise scientific secrets in their speech from the commoners.

## Phonology

### Consonants

|                 | Labial | Alveolar    | Velar   |
| --------------- | ------ | ----------- | ------- |
| **Plosive**     | p      | t           | k       |
| **Nasal**       | m      | n           | ŋ \<g\> |
| **Fricative**   |        | s z ʃ \<h\> |         |
| **Approximant** |        | l           |         |

### Vowels

|           | Front   | Back  |
| --------- | ------- | ----- |
| **Close** | i       |       |
| **Mid**   | ɛ \<e\> | o     |
| **Open**  | a       | ɑ <ä> |

#### Diphthongs

|       | ɑ        | ɛ        | i        |
| ----- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **i** | ɑi \<ā\> | εi \<ē\> | -        |
| **o** | -        | -        | io \<ō\> |

## Counting system

Mahegas uses a bijective base-8 positional counting system.

| Base 10 positional notation | Base 8 positional notation | Ibid, bijective            | Mahegas                |
| --------------------------- | -------------------------- | -------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| 0                           | 0                          | (no way to express purely) | (nullar declined noun) |
| 1                           | 1                          | 1                          | I                      |
| 2                           | 2                          | 2                          | V                      |
| 3                           | 3                          | 3                          | O                      |
| 4                           | 4                          | 4                          | W                      |
| 5                           | 5                          | 5                          | +                      |
| 6                           | 6                          | 6                          | ∇                      |
| 7                           | 7                          | 7                          | θ                      |
| 8                           | 10                         | 8                          | L                      |
| 9                           | 11                         | 11                         | II                     |
| 10                          | 12                         | 12                         | IV                     |
|  | | | |
| 15                          | 17                         | 17                         | Iθ                     |
| 16                          | 20                         | 18                         | IL                     |
| 17                          | 21                         | 21                         | VI                     |
